How do you reverse a given string in place? <finished>
How do you print duplicate characters from a string? (finished)
How do you check if two strings are anagrams of each other? (finished)
How do you find all the permutations of a string? (?)
How can a given string be reversed using recursion? (finished)
How do you check if a string contains only digits? (finished)
How do you find duplicate characters in a given string? (finished)
How do you count a number of vowels and consonants in a given string? (finished)
How do you count the occurrence of a given character in a string? (finished)
How do you print the first non-repeated character from a string? (finished)

How do you convert a given String into int like the atoi()? (finished)
How do you reverse words in a given sentence without using any library method? (finished)
How do you check if two strings are a rotation of each other? (solution)
How do you check if a given string is a palindrome? (finished)
How do you find the length of the longest substring without repeating characters? (solution)
Given string str, How do you find the longest palindromic substring in str? (solution)
How to convert a byte array to String? (finished)
how to remove the duplicate character from String? (finished)
How to find the maximum occurring character in given String? (finished)
How do you remove a given character from String? (finished)

Compare two string lexicography(finished)
How to validate Mobile number?
Print number of words, vowels and frequency of each character(finished)
Swap corner words and reverse middle characters (finished)
 Ex: Input : Hello World GFG Welcomes You
	Output :You semocleW GFG dlroW Hello
Remove all non-alphabetical characters of a String in Java (finished)
Check for string rotation in Java
Check if a string contains only alphabets in Java using ASCII values (finished)
Find all palindromic sub-strings of a given string | Set 2
How to sort a String? (finished)
Reverse a Word?(finished)
Get The first letter of Each words? (finished)
Print all unique words? (finished)
Write a java program to tOGGLE each word in string?
Write a java program to capitalize each word in string? ...
Write a Java program to compress String?
	Ex: I/p: AAABBCCCCD O/p: A3B2C4D1

